# Just a Little Juxtaposition

## Words Chosen: "Reveal" and "Screens"

I’ll be the first to admit that I’m no poetry buff, and even after reading both versions of the poem a handful of times, I still can’t say I really understand the meaning or imagery being elicited. However, reading them back-to-back and comparing the differences in diction in each line helped illustrate a much clearer picture in my head. By having both versions, we can see more of the thought process behind each word and understand their implications. 
The initial juxtaposition of “screens” and “reveals” in the first line, one right after the other, prevented me from feeling like I could concretely imagine this sunset. “Retarding” in version A corresponds with “enhancing” in version B, and although these probably wouldn’t be considered interchangeable or synonymous words, I think their combined usage helped resolve some of my confusion in the first line. I think both words draw attention to our sight and the warm wash of colors of this sunset. On one hand, with the use of “retarding,” it seems that “screens” is being enhanced, which to me gives the sense that everything is shrouded in a blanket of colors and mystery. On the other hand, “enhancing” emphasizes “reveals,” which makes me feel like the sunset is also something that brings clarity to the scene. While something being screened and something being revealed are obviously in opposition, I felt like the use of both “retarding” and “enhancing” somehow linked these ideas. In isolation, I didn’t feel like either words necessarily drew attention to our sight or the gesture of the sunset, but seeing how they performed similar functions helped illustrate this better to me.
