

### ECHOING VARIABLES AND COMMANDS
- now type `MYSECRET="I'm learning to code"`. This will actually store the words "I'm learning to code" in the **variable** `MYSECRET`.  You might now THINK the we can find out that variable by typing `echo MYSECRET`.  But if you try this (go ahead, it won't hurt anything), you'll find that it won't echo back `I'm learning to code`, but, rather `MYSECRET`. So what can we do? If you were solving this problem yourself, what would you do? You'd probably want to be able to tell the computer, "look, I don't *literally* want you to echo the words 'MYSECRET'; I want you to give me what `MYSECRET` refers to." While some [mildly amusing vaudeville humor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTcRRaXV-fg) derives from overly-literal responses to requests, this isn't what we want here. So to let the computer know that we don't want the 'literal' `MYSECRET` back (and [computer science uses the term `literal` here just the way we do](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Literal_(computer_programming))). but rather the **variable** `MYSECRET`, we're going to put a `$` at the front, typing the full command `echo $MYSECRET`. Hopefully you'll hear back `I'm learning to code` from the machine.
- so it's cool that you can add variables to the end of a string of words (or just a "string"), but what if we wanted to insert the date? We might WANT to type `echo "the current date and time are $date"`, right?  This would put together what we learned in the previous step with what we just learned about variables. But this can't work--can you see why? Go ahead and type it. What do you see? The computer is looking for a VARIABLE called `date`, and you haven't defined it yet. If you were to type `date="not really a date"`, you could then go back (up arrow) and re-enter `echo "the current date and time are $date"`, and you would see `the current date and time are not really a date`. So how do we get the behavior we want? In addition to telling the computer not to take the word `date` *literally*, we also need to indicate that `date` here is the **command** `date` and not just a variable. And we'll do this by adding parentheses around date, making the full command `echo "the current date and time are $(date)"`. This should give you the expected behavior.
- note that the `$` and the `()` are somewhat arbitrary. The developers that made the shell could have chosen different symbols. But they needed to use **SOME** sorts of symbols here--there was no other option. And this is why when learning any new language, we need to learn (and rigorously adhere to) its **syntax**.  
